Software Engineer, Software Engineer in Machine Learning, Data Scientist, Data Engineer, Data Science Engineer

**Q1: Tell me about yourself / Tell me about your background.** 
My name is Lan Zhang. I’m a third-year Ph.D. candidate at Penn state university. My works focus on **AI for cybersecurity**. One of my research is to emulate **peripherals** using NLP techniques. Basically, we extracted knowledge from the MCU reference manual, and construct real-time models to emulate the behavior of peripherals so we could test the firmware without real chips.





**Q14: My research.**	
NLP based firmware emulationThe second project is to emulate MCUs.since there are thousands of vendors and millions of peripherals. It is almost impossible to buy all peripherals and find security issues in the firmware. Because of this, several emulation-based techniques have been proposed.The existing works assume that the emulator should generate responses that meet the expectations of firmware so that it does not crash or hang. However, the firmware sometimes contains incomplete or even misleading information.Our idea is to extract knowledge from the MCU manuals, and construct emulation models based on that knowledge.We extract condition-action pairs to model when and how to update the registers of the peripherals and build a real-time emulator using S2E and avatar 2.We modeled 26 peripherals like i2c, uart, ethernet, adc, timer, gpio. 
we run the firmware. when it reaches to a conditional statement.we first switch the symbolic execution engine and use the concrete responses from the NLP engine to select path.if an invalid state is encountered, then the value from the nlp engine is not correct.so we will solve the corresponding symbolic variable.and get the address of the incorrect register and bits

Adversarial malware generation. (angr)deep-learning-based malware scanners, **specifically** graph-based detection models, have been proposed for years to complement the traditional scanners.The graph-based detection models take cfg of the binary as inputs and learn the basic-block features and the structure of the basic blocks.My research focuses on attacks against graph-based models **while preserving** the malware functionality. To achieve that, there are two challenges: 1) we cannot do large-scale manipulations; 2) we can not directly add or remove the edges and nodes features of the CFGs.I use reinforcement learning to inject semantic nops in basic blocks of the original cfgs.1) Some instructions that do not change the memory or register value, e.g. $NOP$.2) An invertible instruction, such as logical operations, followed by the inverse instruction, e.g. $PUSH$, $POP$. The RL agent that CFGs as inputs, makes decisions about bbs and semantic nops, calculates the rewards of those actions, and updates its decision networks with those rewards.I learned a lot from these projects. First I need to train those detection models from scratch. Collecting malware samples, cleaning dataset, extracting cfgs. Second,it does not start from RL. the original idea is to learn a generator to decide which instructions should be inserted into each basic blocks. This method failed because the method to convert the continuous value to discrete value will lead to gradient explosion. So the method is not stable. After lots of research, I finally …

Adversarial network attack generation.Address Resolution Protocol (ARP); Domain Name System (DNS) The goal is to generate adversarial packets for two kinds of network attacks. ARP Poisoning attacks and DNS Cache Poisoning attacks. Both of them are Man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack. For the ARP attack, attackers pretend to be a LAN to send MAC address of the IP address to the client; for the DNS attack, the attackers pretend to be a global DNS server to send the IP address of the host to the client.The DL models to detect those attacks used the packets of those attacks as input and can achieve 100% accuracy.My goal is to evade those DL models. Two challenges here:1)We cannot change some fields because it may modify the packet integrity.1) the new packets are discrete values, not continuous values. So we cannot use the existing adversarial examples generation method in CV and other fields.We use a ZOO-based attack to estimate the gradient using a finite difference method and approximately calculate the perturbation on original packets. And the perturbation is masked by a predefined field mask. Which is generated by domain knowledge. Some fields are changeable, some fields are not.For example, programs usually do not check the time-to-live (TTL) field in the IP layer. So the TTL field is changeable.Checksum
protocol specifications
**Q2: Describe yourself.** I’m willing to learn new things. I was not familiar with the embedding system when we start this project. I learned it basically by myself. Watching videos, following blogs, and reading papers.I’m a highly organized person. I’m collaborating with two researchers from different time zone. I set up group meetings every week, summarize our weekly meeting, update the process with all members every week, and make sure we all are on the same page.

**Q14: 什么是你项目的最终目标?**

In academics, it is more straightforward. My research questions have been answered. But In industry, it is more complex. Even though the project is released, it might contain potential vulnerabilities. And If those issues only cause small damage, like your program crashes or hangs. And the company and the users are okay with that. Then we could say it is the final goal. But if it might cause huge damage, like privacy linkage, or even human injury. Then the project is not finished even it has been released for years.Q3: Why are you applying for this position?

**Q4: Why do you want this job?** 		 	 	 					

**Q6: Why do you want to work here?** 							

**Q8: What are you passionate about?** 

***Why you choose this position?***

I think my research is a little bit far from real problems. It’s good in the academic setting. But in the industry, I guess your solution is just to buy more chips not emulation. I think it might be better for me to work first and find more real-world vulnerabilities/bugs.My research background and experiences fits well with the position and the company. I am long for working for your company. 

The job I applied is Software development engineer in Amazon web service quilt team. The reason why I choose this job is I have the similar experience. I remember when I just started to lead smart log analyzer project, everything is new to me. And I’m so passionate about creating great services for customers to save their precious time and money. They could have people hired to sit there watching the visuals we provide, and trying to do treat hunting, to see if there are malicious events among them. But we want it to be more convenient. We want our system to take care of all the stuff automatically. It will detect the malicious stuff, evaluate them, report them and provide suggestions and solve them automatically. The customer only needs to do clicks on the website to make simple decisions based on the suggestions system provide and they can focus more on their own things. That is really similar with Quilt. Quilt also does a great job to help customers focus on their codes. It will take care of patching automatically for hosts. That’s really amazing for customer. So, we have similar spirits. That’s one big reason why I want to join Amazon.
Another big reason is amazon. the growth of amazon is so impressive, it is not only an online retail shop, it also has a wide range of products like Alexa, kindle, fire tablet and TV, Amazon web service, etc. There are so many fantastic technologies and products here. I will never feel boring if I am in amazon. And I’ll be excited about all the amazing things around me everyday. I can learn a lot of new technologies here. Beside that, I can also learn to work with solutions with full-stack point of view, by engaging requirements, front-end, back-end, storage and all the other stuff. I can understand the problems and solutions thoroughly.

**Q5: Tell me what you know about the role. /what you wanna learn from the learn?**

From the job description, the goal is to create policy and payload. I guess since one requirement is to be familiar with regular expressions. 

**Q7: Why are you looking for jobs?**

 I like to put words into action. Develop real products and let more people use my products.

**Q11: When can you start?** 					

I can start as early as in the middle of May 2022. 		

**Q12: What type of management style do you prefer?** 

managers ask for the opinions and thoughts of all team members. The manager will make the final decision, but he/she will consider all of the information given by team members before they do so.	

**Q13: Do you have any questions?** 

what’s my role in the team
						

**Q9: What are your salary expectations?** 							

**Q10: Are you interviewing with other companies?** 										
									
									
		
**What is your greatest strength?**
**What is your greatest weakness?**
**Why should we hire you?**

Why do you want to work here?Tell me about a time you showed leadership.Tell me about a time you were successful on a team.What would your co-workers say about you?Why do you want to leave your current role?Describe your most challenging project.Tell me about something you’ve accomplished that you are proud of.What do you like to do outside of work?Tell me about a time you had to manage conflicting priorities.Where do you see yourself in 5 years?Describe your leadership style.Tell me about a time you failed or made a mistake.Tell me about a time you worked with a difficult person.Tell me about a time you had to persuade someone.Tell me about a time you disagreed with someone.Tell me about a time you created a goal and achieved it.Tell me about a time you had to handle pressure.Tell me about a time you had to learn something quickly.Do you have any questions for me?