自我介绍

research experience: the goal of the research, research question, your methods/algorithms, result

简历

现在在做的

过去做的 nlp



Deep learning基础

lstm cnn

XGBoost, 

CNNs, 

LSTMs, 

Byte Pair Encoding schemes





supervised relation extraction assumption: if one entity pair has certain relation, then a sentence including this pair should contain this relation.

Strict espeically for data crawled from website. another assumption: if one entity pair has certain relation, at least one sentence contain this relation.

Step1: crawling data and extract sentences that contianing companies(Baidu xiaomi...). 

Step2: identify relationship

Step3: sentence-level features:pisewise max pooling, pcnn; attention-based bag features; classification



time series data. find edge bending moments and flap bending moments. 

Find failure of turbine blades. detecte Subsequence outliers

All analysis is carried out on ten minute average values calculated from data points 

a sliding window, calculate the Euclidean distance between two subsequences of equal length to detect the most unusual subsequence in a time series

another way is to identify normal subsequence first and then subsequence outliers are those that are dissimilar to normal subsequences with certain threshold

also we tried clustering methods. grouping subsequences that are similar to each other and by separating dissimilar subsequences into different clusters



Power station



knowledge graph 

simliar to google. search trump's wife there will be answers on the top. those answers are generated from a knowledge graph. the graph includes multiple spo(subject-predicate-object)  triples.  what i did is to extract new relation triples and update the knowledge base. 

unstructed corpus. Sentences -> indentify entities, possible relationship->classification problem -> predict the ... 

